GCC2019 Admin Training feedback clarifications and improvements (#1445)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/admin/tutorials/heterogeneous-compute/tutorial.md

>

> > 2. Log in to the machines and have a look in the `/mnt/pulsar` directory. You will see the venv and config directories. All the config files created can be perused.

Reviewer: > All the config files created can be perused.

We don't want to modify Pulsar config files outside of Ansible, I think.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> 2. Log in to the machines and have a look in the `/mnt/pulsar` directory. You will see the venv and config directories. All the config files created by Ansible can be perused.
```

Reviewer 2: @natefoo can you click the button on these requests? I don't seem to have permissions for that, for some reason, despite spending past weeks pushing to the branch.

>
> 3. Run `journalctl -f -u pulsar`
>

> >    A log will now start scrolling, showing the startup of pulsar. You'll notice that it will be initializing and installing conda. Once it is complete and listening on the assigned port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    A log will now start scrolling, showing the startup of pulsar. You'll notice that it will be initializing and installing conda. Once this is completed, Pulsar will be listening on the assigned port.
```
